refactor(naming): change organization/users naming (#10)
vtex-apps/organizations: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [Unreleased]
> - Change labels, use `My Organization` / `organization` instead of `My users`/`users`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Unreleased]
### Changed
- Update labels to use `My Organization` / `organization` instead of `My users`/`users`
```
